polyphone       done
non-daw         done
lenmus          done
lv2-fil-plugins done
jamulus         done
GrandOrgue      done
azr3            done
sonic-pi        later
drumgizmo       done
hydrogen        done
jalv-select     done
kxstudio        done
lmms            done
ams-lv2         done
rack
openkontroller  done
iannix
postfish        done
tuxguitar       no
vopa
x42
zam
rakarrack       bug
rkrlv2          done
sfark
ssr             later
stretchplayer
portalmod
qutecsound
radium          later
oxefmsynth      done
picoloop
milkytracker
mv-6pm          done
ninjam
kickstart       no
leiningen
impro-visor
horgand
amsynth
